demos: Add Thingy:52 Bluetooth Mesh demos (#2969)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/bluetooth/mesh/thingy52.rst

.. _bt_mesh_thingy52_readme:

> Thingy52 mesh models
> ######################
> 
> The Thingy52 models are a set of vendor spesific models that are designed for applications
> involving LED and speaker functionality.
> 
> The following Thingy52 models are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thingy:52 Bluetooth mesh models
#########################

The Thingy:52 models are a set of vendor-specific models designed for applications involving LED and speaker functionality.

The following Thingy:52 models are supported:
```

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :glob:

   thingy52_srv.rst
   thingy52_cli.rst

These models are well suited for applications where the designer wants to create applications
that propagates light and sound effects between nodes inside a bluetooth mesh. One clear
advatage is that the propagation behaviour between nodes can be reconfigured at runtime due
to the pub/sub configuration capabilities of bluetooth mesh, making it easy to alter the
effects on the fly without having to flash new firmware on the devices.

Common types
============

| Header file: :file:`demos/bluetooth/mesh/thingy52/common/thingy52.h`

.. doxygengroup:: bt_mesh_thingy52
   :project: nrf

>    :members:

Reviewer 2: I think this should be moved to the demo section, it doesn't really belong with the other models in include, as it's a demo, not a library

Reviewer 3: Since I have merged the client and the server together I have also merged the previous common structure in to one .h and .rst file, so this file will be deleted.
